1.What are the strengths of your data modeling format?
We use MySQL as the main data storage format, while also retaining some local static files (CSV file and JSON file). Because Mysql has good standardization, it is really helpful for our data consolidation, modeling, and supporting fast and conditional queries. The local static file is mainly used as a transfer, which can save static data we downloaded and the original data of the crawler to save processing time.
Our final purpose is reporting the trending analysis and querying position information, which needs to search for information continually, and one database and RESTful API is the most efficient way to work with. Meanwhile, CSV and JSON are python-friendly data formats.

2.What are the weaknesses?
MySQL has high requirements for data structuring, which means data preprocessing needs more tedious work, and sometimes it is necessary to make some deletions to match the formatting. for example, for the data format, MySQL's time format is very strict.
MySQL is not a traditional record database, which is not a particularly good match for our data set, but we can still define some patterns and store records in MySQL.
it supports basic text search but has poor support for complex custom text search, such as inability to segment words, low efficiency for multi-keyword search, which is not as good as Elasticsearch.

3.How do you store your data on disk?
Through MySQL storing on disk, it has its data storing model, and CSV and JSON file stored on a data file.

4.How would you extend your model to include this new data source? How would that change the interface?
According to the contents of the data source extending my model. For example, the position's information will store on the position table, the information of companies will store on the company table, and for other attributes, we will create a new table to store data.

5.How would you add a new attribute to your data?
MySQL allows alter on table columns, use the SQL: ALTER table_name ADD COLUMN city_name.

